Software 0.30 base PR (#1041)
astronomer/docs: software/release-lifecycle-policy.md

> ### Stable

Reviewer: Could this be updated to Latest or Most current? _Stable_ implies that there is an unstable version.

| Software Version | Release Date    | End of Maintenance Date |
| ---------------- | --------------- | ----------------------- |
| 0.25             | May 11, 2021    | December 2022*         |
| 0.28             | Feb 15, 2022    | February 2023           |
| 0.29             | June 1, 2022    | December 2022           |
| 0.30             | August 23, 2022 | February 2022           |

### LTS

| Software Version | Release Date | End of Maintenance Date |
| ---------------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| 0.25             | May 11, 2021 | December 2022*         |
| 0.28             | Feb 15, 2022 | February 2023           |

> > *Given the wide usage of Astronomer Software v0.25, Astronomer has extended the maintenance period for this version through December 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *Astronomer has extended the maintenance period for version 0.25 through December 2022.
```
